So now we're ready to go through the process of
bootstrapping an AWS environment.
So here within this demo,
were first going to be executing that bootstrap command for an
AWS environment, and we'll be reviewing the generated
CloudFormation stack for that environment.
So, let's dive in.
So I'm here with in the AWS Management Console, and I'm logged into the
account that I'm going to be using for this CDK app.
I'm going to navigate here initially to CloudFormation, and I should
point out here that I am in the us‑east‑1 region,
which is the Northern Virginia region.
You can certainly use another region.
Just be sure that you're referencing the same region throughout this course.
So I'm going to click on CloudFormation.
And then if I click over here in the left pane and I go to look at Stacks,
you can see here that we don't currently have any stacks
for CloudFormation within this region.
So here within the terminal,
we need to have a quick conversation about account credentials.
So if you don't currently have your account set up for use with the AWS CLI,
you can go through the process of running aws configure,
and this will walk you through the process of taking the credentials that
you have for your user and configuring it for use locally.
Now I'm using a named profile here named psuser.
Now if you want to use this with the CDK for most any command,
let's say like the bootstrap command,
you can go in, and you can actually call the command and then do
‑‑profile and put in the name of the profile after.
However,
if you also have it set up with the correct environment variable
so AWS knows which one you're currently working with, you don't
have to include the named profile.
So throughout this course I'm not going to be using the
named profile within the command.
I'm going to be using it with the environment variable.
So just note that, and be sure that whichever approach you take,
you use it consistently.
But since I have that set up and I also have us‑east‑1 set
as the default region for this account,
I can now run cdk bootstrap. And now we can see that our
environment has been bootstrapped,
and this environment descriptor here includes the two pieces of
information that are specific to an environment,
and that is the account number and the specific region.
So now let's navigate back over to the AWS console.
And so now you can see we do have a stack listed here within this account,
and that is the stack name of CDKToolkit.
Now this again is just a generic stack that's generated by the CDK.
So if I go into this stack, I can see if I go under Resources,
and I can see here that we have both a bucket and a bucket policy.
And this is where the CDK is going to upload templates, and also,
this gets used when we're using local assets,
which will talk about later within this course.
So now we've gone through the process of generating this,
and this is going to be essential as we move forward and we get closer to deploying our CDK application.